Updates golang doc (#2127)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/community-toolkit/hosting-golang.md

## Example usage

> In the Program.cs file of your app host project, call the `AddGolangApp` method to add a Go application to the builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the _:::no-loc text="Program.cs":::_ file of your app host project, call the `AddGolangApp` method to add a Go application to the builder.
```

```csharp
var golang = builder.AddGolangApp("golang", "../gin-api")
    .WithHttpEndpoint(env: "PORT");
```

> The `PORT` environment variable is used to determine the port the Golang application should listen on. It is randomly assigned by the .NET Aspire. The name of the environment variable can be changed by passing a different value to the `WithHttpEndpoint` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PORT` environment variable is used to determine the port the Go application should listen on. By default, this port is randomly assigned by .NET Aspire. The name of the environment variable can be changed by passing a different value to the <xref:Aspire.Hosting.ResourceBuilderExtensions.WithHttpEndpoint*> method.
```
